### Q1
The following linear regression model can be used to predict ice cream sales at a popular ice cream shop:
$sales\ per\ hour = -631.25 + 11.25 \times (current\ temperature\ in \degree F)$
Discuss why or why not this equation has a reasonable interpretation.

The given model’s $b_0$ implies negative sales at zero degrees Fahrenheit, which may be inadequate as you cannot have negative sales. The model also assumes a linear relationship with temperature and sales at the slope of 11.25. While it would be intuitive to expect an increase of sales with rising temperature and vice versa, this model reduces ice cream sales patterns to a mere correlation and is rather unreasonable. A more realistic model would incorporate time of day, season such as in the summer, promotional events such as buy 1 take 1, etc. 
### Q2
Logistic Regression models the log-odds of a binary outcome assuming a linear relationship between features and log-odds. It provides interpretable coefficient values and is suitable for when understanding the impact of features is necessary. Naive Bayes’ on the otherhand assumes  the conditional independence of features and is more effective in datasets with many features as compared to Logistic Regression. 
### Q3
By improving upon our laws that regulate the usage of classification algorithms in business practices, we can ensure a legal and ethical basis on using automated decision making on highly sensitive factors that directly affect people’s lives. However, educating the general public on the nature of artificial intelligence and how large corporations use it in ways that directly affects the lives of the average consumer is the only way forward where we ensure human autonomy is not undermined. With this, we can ensure that questions and concerns regarding ethical use can be raised. We can have more people implement AI accountability, audits and assessments, bias mitigation, ensuring that human rights are protected moving forward.
### Q4
Due to the nature of AI and by extension classification algorithms, established practices in education, criminal justice, and healthcare will be followed ensuring a *conservative* system as in one that follows old practices. This can reveal biases in established practices, allowing us to improve upon established systems. However, this can also lead to unfair treatment if no audit or accountability measures are set in place.
### Q5
A straightforward way of ensuring fairness in machine learning systems is through audit or accountability laws and data diversity improvement. However, I would argue that removing bias is more of an ethical or philosophical problem, as “removing a bias” can instead introduce a bias into the model, giving it a target that is biased towards whatever outcome is desired. By continually improving our understanding of ethics, policies, and by improving our society as a whole, we can hope to improve the quality of data we put into our machine learning systems.